okay Lena's going to show us now how to
make a really fast pork ragu so we've
got some olive oil extra virgin olive
oil in a pan again it's interesting that
she puts it in with the oil cold the
meat goes in code so we have pork
sausage Sal CJ in Kawasaki at visa and
we leave it LMAO then in its and we
leave it in the casing so now we're
going to put it on the stove see I'm
will all pay it ok so we leet lasha cozy
and let it brown
ok
and she leads to cover a jar so to allow
for evaporation Redmont this to be a
nice thick sauce meanwhile in this pot
the pork sausage is now browned and
we're gonna put in a little pepper don
chino info ok that's it look at that I
mean it was just not even a not even a
fair nail amount basta così on full C ok
ok ok those dead this is very quick a
little bit of the tomato juice Sally
paper solo sali solo sali o kool mmhmm
okay a little bit of salt it's you bully
vain t minus t wanna measure it a half
hour this is ready oh yeah well see
scusa scusa okay the sauce the sauce is
now ready to make the the team below and
i have to tell you that there are so
many versions of team Bali or sometimes
it's called Timpano depending on where
you are mainly in southern Italy because
we make one very similar from the naples
area and a team bow is something that's
in a mold or in a casserole and lena
today is going to make hers in a
casserole dish so there are many parts
to this we have the little meatballs the
papa tiene or 15 and you see how tiny
they are they are they are the size of
peas actually once that they're cooked
and this is made with beef and pork a
little parsley some breadcrumbs and
cheese and here we have the pasta that's
already cooked and here we have a a this
is eight ish wretched a Poochyena today
so the Kachina and that is a mozzarella
cheese it's braided trisha means in a
braid ok come on Channel coast yeah I'm
off the CCC I'll orbital
mr. Levangie master cuisine master those
price adjustment it's that's ready